todo.md, before:

- Disable caching
- Max clients
- Handle server sending updates faster than UI can render them.
  - Have client ask for another init when too many diffs are buffered.
  - Profile and speed up rendering.
- Reduce overloading of the term "grid". Currently refers to CSS module, HTML element, and backend data structure.
- Try using SVG or canvas instead of HTML div's for grid
- On init, server can send just the live cells, rather than the whole grid, so long as the client can distinguish between an init and a diff.
- Write test for client side code (input: ws; output: document)
- Generate server and client code so that the grid dimensions are defined in one place
- Do the tests leak goroutines?
- Pick appropriate WebSocket buffer sizes to pass to Upgrader. See Gorilla WebSocket documentation.
- Look into using Gorilla WebSocket readJSON and writeJSON methods
- Docker it up so app can run on any OS
- Browser testing with Selenium (or BrowserStack/LambdaTest to hit macOS)
- CI/CD pipeline
- Design doc. This would be a good place to explain that gol+hub+writePump maintains the order of InitListener and Tick messages, so that the client stays in sync with the server.

Features:

- Toggle between editing and moving with one finger
- Zoom +/- buttons
- Toroidal array
- Move controls to the right side of the screen in landscape mode
- Langton's Ant
- Auto reset, followed by free draw period
- Stamps
- Stamp builder
- Gamepad support
- Something that requires a database

Commit message:

Implement panning
- Implement panning, i.e. scrolling the board by sliding a single finger
  or by clicking and dragging the mouse. This is especially useful on
  touch devices, where sliding with two fingers often drags the entire
  page instead of scrolling the board.
- Replace hand-rolled icons with nicer-looking and more reliable icons
  from fontawesome, and change submit button to an icon.
- Fix bug where dragging the mouse to the edge of the board causes the
  board to scroll, making it harder to draw and pan accurately.
- Allow icon buttons to change state when touched or moused over.
- Layout and styling tweaks.

todo.md, after:

- Fix move button outline not appearing in Safari for iOS
- Add padding to board
- Update instructions
- Reevaluate whether event listeners should be attached to overlay or board
- Update and run tests.md
- Refactor js to reduce scope of variables
- Make panning with the mouse smoother
- Consider making move button a toggle composed of two buttons stitched together: left side crossed arrows, right side pencil
- Disable caching
- Max clients
- Handle server sending updates faster than UI can render them.
  - Have client ask for another init when too many diffs are buffered.
  - Profile and speed up rendering.
- Reduce overloading of the term "grid". Currently refers to CSS module, HTML element, and backend data structure.
- Try using SVG or canvas instead of HTML div's for grid
- On init, server can send just the live cells, rather than the whole grid, so long as the client can distinguish between an init and a diff.
- Write test for client side code (input: ws; output: document)
- Generate server and client code so that the grid dimensions are defined in one place
- Do the tests leak goroutines?
- Pick appropriate WebSocket buffer sizes to pass to Upgrader. See Gorilla WebSocket documentation.
- Look into using Gorilla WebSocket readJSON and writeJSON methods
- Docker it up so app can run on any OS
- Browser testing with Selenium (or BrowserStack/LambdaTest to hit macOS)
- CI/CD pipeline
- Design doc. This would be a good place to explain that gol+hub+writePump maintains the order of InitListener and Tick messages, so that the client stays in sync with the server.

Features:

- Zoom +/- buttons
- Toroidal array
- Move controls to the right side of the screen in landscape mode
- Panning with arrow keys
- Langton's Ant
- Auto reset, followed by free draw period
- Stamps
- Stamp builder
- Gamepad support
- Something that requires a database
